[OCT Launch] Cody Client: Docs updates for VS Code (#56990)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/overview/install-vscode.md

## Connect the extension to Sourcegraph

> After a successful installation, Cody's icon appears in the sidebar. Click it, and you are prompted to log in as a free user by connecting to Sourcegraph.com or with your enterprise instance.

Reviewer: @chenkc805 Will we still be running the A/B test on Oct 4? Users might see a different login flow depending on whether or not they're part of the test.

Reviewer 2: The test will be over and we'll have made a ship/no-ship decision by Oct 4!

> After a successful installation, Cody's icon appears in the sidebar. Click it, and you are prompted to log in as a free user by connecting to Sourcegraph.com or with your enterprise instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After installing, click the Cody icon in the VS Code Activity Bar. The sidebar will open with options to sign in for free through GitHub, GitLab, Google, or your Sourcegraph Enterprise instance.
```

- Since VS Code has multiple sidebars, the docs should be specific about which one is being referenced. The [Activity Bar](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/ux-guidelines/activity-bar) is where the Cody icon appears.
- Should not mix imperative and declarative forms in the same sentence
- "to sourcegraph.com" vs. "with your enterprise instance" - inconsistent prepositions.
- In the new sign-up flow, the CTAs are for signing in via code hosts, so that's the thing that should be mentioned in the docs. Otherwise, a user might hunt for the "Sign in with sourcegraph.com button"
<img width="379" alt="image" src="https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/assets/1646931/007432f0-2a65-4101-b4a6-81572ef6f35d">

After a successful installation, the Cody icon appears in the [Activity sidebar](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/ux-guidelines/activity-bar). Clicking it prompts you to start with codehosts like GitHub, GitLab, and your Google login. This allows Cody to access your Sourcegraph.com account.

![cody-sign-flow](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/cody-sign-in.png)

You can also connect with the Sourcegraph Enterprise Instance in the following ways:

- Sign in to Sourcegraph Enterprise instance
- Sign in to Sourcegraph Enterprise instance via Access Token
- Sign in to Sourcegraph.com
- Sign in with URL and Access Token

> - Sourcegraph.com

Reviewer: I see why you've added these (they're listed as options in the screenshot below), but I'm not sure what value it adds to have it here. IMO, it draws attention to the fact that these different options are kind of confusing and should probably be streamlined.  
<img width="603" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-03 at 8 13 21 AM" src="https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/assets/43555476/5c728d79-2ae5-4bd6-9e5d-b9892461e9a0">

Author: Yeah that makes sense. Let's just mention that you can also connect to your enterprise instance.

Click `Continue with Sourcegraph.com` in the Cody extension. From there, you'll be taken to Sourcegraph.com, which will authenticate your extension.

## Embeddings

> For **free** users, installing the VS Code extension prompts installing the Cody app for better responses with embeddings. Enterprise users are guided to contact their admin for embeddings.

Reviewer 3: * We no longer prompt app installation after extension installation. We only prompt installation of app for getting embeddings on private code.
* Instead of "free", shouldn't we use the term "community", Or have we moved away from that for some reason?
* Is there a particular stylistic reason for using passive voice? We should default to no passive voice for greater clarity and directness.
* Does the reader know what "embeddings" are at this point?

Author: Thanks for the details @beyang 🙌  
Some thoughts:
>Instead of "free", shouldn't we use the term "community", Or have we moved away from that for some reason?

With the self-serve monetization in the making. I believe now we need to be very clear with the tier messaging for the developers. That's why I think we should clearly mention what's in for the free, pro, and enterprise audience.

>Is there a particular stylistic reason for using passive voice? We should default to no passive voice for greater clarity and directness.

I agree 100% here. Made the changes. :)

>Does the reader know what "embeddings" are at this point?

We link to relevant docs for reference.

## Commands

Cody also supports executing reusable prompts known as **Commands** from within the [VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sourcegraph.cody-ai). They allow you to run predefined actions with smart context-fetching anywhere in the editor, like:

- `/ask`: Asks a question
- `/edit[instruction]`: Edits code
- `/doc`: Generates code documentation
- `explain`: Explains code
- `test`: Generates unit tests
- `smell`: Find code smells
- `example-generate-readme (example)`: Generates a README.md file for the current directory
- `commit-message-suggestion`: Commits your message suggestions to code

> - `reset`: Clears the Cody chat

Reviewer: I'm on v0.12.1 and don't see `example-generate-readme (example)` or `commit-message-suggestion` when I type `\` into chat or `Option + C` for command shortcuts. @beyang are those coming for Oct 4, or should we remove here? (Or am I missing them altogether?)

Author: @taylorsperry I saw these new commands in one of the doc proposals, maybe the Figma file, so I added them from there. Would love to get a confirmation around it.

Reviewer: Also noticed `/symf` in the company meeting demo. @beyang will that be part of launch as well?

Author: Hey @beyang following up on this one. 🙌

Reviewer 3: /symf will not be visible by default. Can ignore that one.

The commands that are available and visible are these:
<img width="595" alt="image" src="https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/assets/1646931/fcf339bd-7dbe-4559-8656-3d30c2b75479">

You can omit default custom commands like commit-message-suggestion and example-generate-random
